Notas so importan
Adaptive network hardening (ANH) - Applying network security groups (NSG) to filter traffic to and from resources, improves your network security posture. However, there can still be some cases in which the actual traffic flowing through the NSG is a subset of the NSG rules defined. In these cases, further improving the security posture can be achieved by hardening the NSG rules, based on the actual traffic patterns.

Adaptive network hardening provides recommendations to further harden the NSG rules. It uses a machine learning algorithm that factors in actual traffic, known trusted configuration, threat intelligence, and other indicators of compromise. ANH then provides recommendations to allow traffic only from specific IP and port tuples.

Tactic	Description
PreAttack	PreAttack could be either an attempt to access a certain resource regardless of malicious intent or a failed attempt to gain access to a target system to gather information prior to exploitation. This step is usually detected as an attempt, originating from outside the network, to scan the target system and identify an entry point.
InitialAccess	InitialAccess is the stage where an attacker manages to get a foothold on the attacked resource. This stage is relevant for compute hosts and resources such as user accounts, certificates, etc. Threat actors will often be able to control the resource after this stage.
Persistence	Persistence is any access, action, or configuration change to a system that gives a threat actor a persistent presence on that system. Threat actors will often need to maintain access to systems through interruptions such as system restarts, loss of credentials, or other failures that would require a remote access tool to restart or provide an alternate backdoor for them to regain access.
PrivilegeEscalation	Privilege escalation is the result of actions that allow an adversary to obtain a higher level of permissions on a system or network. Certain tools or actions require a higher level of privilege to work and are likely necessary at many points throughout an operation. User accounts with permissions to access specific systems or perform specific functions necessary for adversaries to achieve their objective may also be considered an escalation of privilege.
DefenseEvasion	Defense evasion consists of techniques an adversary may use to evade detection or avoid other defenses. Sometimes these actions are the same as (or variations of) techniques in other categories that have the added benefit of subverting a particular defense or mitigation.
CredentialAccess	Credential access represents techniques resulting in access to or control over system, domain, or service credentials used within an enterprise environment. Adversaries will likely attempt to obtain legitimate credentials from users or administrator accounts (local system administrator or domain users with administrator access) to use within the network. With sufficient access within a network, an adversary can create accounts for later use within the environment.
Discovery	Discovery consists of techniques that allow the adversary to gain knowledge about the system and internal network. When adversaries gain access to a new system, they must align themselves to what they now have control of and what benefits operating from that system give to their current objective or overall goals during the intrusion. The operating system provides many native tools that aid in this post-compromise information-gathering phase.
LateralMovement	Lateral movement consists of techniques that enable an adversary to access and control remote systems on a network and cloud, but doesn't necessarily, include execution of tools on remote systems. The lateral movement techniques could allow an adversary to gather information from a system without needing more tools, such as a remote access tool. An adversary can use lateral movement for many purposes, including remote Execution of tools, pivoting to more systems, access to specific information or files, access to other credentials, or to cause an effect.
Execution	The execution tactic represents techniques that result in execution of adversary-controlled code on a local or remote system. This tactic is often used with lateral movement to expand access to remote systems on a network.
Collection	Collection consists of techniques used to identify and gather information, such as sensitive files, from a target network prior to exfiltration. This category also covers locations on a system or network where the adversary may look for information to exfiltrate.
Exfiltration	Exfiltration refers to techniques and attributes that result or aid in the adversary removing files and information from a target network. This category also covers locations on a system or network where the adversary may look for information to exfiltrate.
CommandAndControl	The command and control tactic represents how adversaries communicate with systems under their control within a target network.
Impact	Impact events primarily try to directly reduce the availability or integrity of a system, service, or network, including manipulation of data to impact a business or operational process. This would often refer to techniques such as ransomware, defacement, data manipulation, and others.

Immediate mitigation
Remediate compromised user accounts:

If they’re unfamiliar, delete them as they may have been created by a threat actor
If they’re familiar, change their authentication credentials
Use Azure Activity Logs to review all activities performed by the user and identify any that are suspicious
Remediate compromised subscriptions:
Remove any unfamiliar Runbooks from the compromised automation account
Review IAM permissions for the subscription and remove permissions for any unfamiliar user account
Review all Azure resources in the subscription and delete any that are unfamiliar
Review and investigate any security alerts for the subscription in Defender for Cloud
Use Azure Activity Logs to review all activities performed in the subscription and identify any that are suspicious
Remediate the compromised virtual machines
Change the passwords for all users
Run a full antimalware scan on the machine
Reimage the machines from a malware-free source

